Add Astronomer provider pre-built XCom backends to XCom backends tutorial (#2103)
astronomer/docs: learn/custom-xcom-backends-tutorial.md

For Airflow to use your custom XCom backend, you need to define an XCom backend class which inherits from the `BaseXCom` class.

:::info

> The Astronomer provider package contains a pre-built XCom backend for AWS S3 and GCP Cloud Storage with a set of added serialization methods. Refer to the [Use pre-built XCom backends](#use-pre-built-xcom-backends) section for implementation details. When using a pre-built XCom backend you will not have to create any new files in the `include` folder. When using a pre-built XCom backend you do not have to create any new files in the `include` folder and you can skip [Step 4](#step-4-define-a-custom-xcom-class-using-json-serialization) and Step 6 of this tutorial.

Author: Yes, there is, I'll link step 6 and remove the link to step 4 since this note is already in step 4 :)

2. Copy paste the following code into the file:

:::info

> The Astronomer provider package contains a pre-built custom XCom backend for AWS S3 and GCP Cloud Storage with a set of added serialization methods. Refer to the [Use pre-built XCom backends](#use-pre-built-xcom-backends) section for implementation details.

Reviewer: Do you think it makes sense to add something to this note saying that if you are using Astronomer providers, you can skip [whatever parts you can skip]?

A powerful feature of custom XCom backends is the possibility to create custom serialization and deserialization methods. This is particularly useful for handling objects that cannot be JSON-serialized. In this step, you will create a new custom XCom backend that can save the contents of a [Pandas](https://pandas.pydata.org/) dataframe as a CSV file.

:::info

> The Astronomer provider package contains a pre-built custom XCom backend for AWS S3 and GCP Cloud Storage with a set of added serialization methods, including for Pandas dataframes. Refer to the [Use pre-built XCom backends](#use-pre-built-xcom-backends) section for implementation details.

Reviewer: Same comment here - might be helpful to say "if your serialization method needs to [whatever astro providers does], you can skip this step]"...

    query.delete()
```

## Use pre-built XCom backends

> If you want to store your XCom in either AWS S3 or GCP Cloud Storage you can leverage the pre-built custom XCom backends in the [Astronomer provider](https://registry.astronomer.io/providers/astronomer-providers/versions/latest). Aside from saving your XComs in a remote storage, these XCom backends also contain custom serialization methods for Pandas dataframes and datetime date objects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to store your XComs in either AWS S3 or GCP Cloud Storage ,you can leverage the pre-built custom XCom backends in the [Astronomer provider](https://registry.astronomer.io/providers/astronomer-providers/versions/latest) package. In addition to saving your XComs in a remote storage, these XCom backends also contain custom serialization methods for Pandas dataframes and datetime date objects.
```

> To use these Astronomer's XCom backends follow these steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use these Astronomer's XCom backends, follow these steps:
```

1. Add the Astronomer provider to your `requirements.txt` file:

    ```text
    astronomer-providers
    ```

2. Prepare your AWS S3 or GCP Cloud Storage as shown in [Step 2: Set up your object storage account](#step-2-set-up-your-object-storage-account).

3. Create an Airflow connection as shown in [Step 3: Create a connection](#step-3-create-a-connection).

4. Open the .env file of your Astro Project and add the following line to set your XCom backend to the pre-built XCom class:

<Tabs
    defaultValue="aws"
    groupId= "use-pre-built-xcom-backends"
    values={[
        {label: 'AWS S3', value: 'aws'},
        {label: 'GCP Cloud Storage', value: 'gcp'},
    ]}>
<TabItem value="aws">

```text
AIRFLOW__CORE__XCOM_BACKEND=astronomer.providers.amazon.aws.xcom_backends.s3.S3XComBackend
```

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="gcp">

```text
AIRFLOW__CORE__XCOM_BACKEND=astronomer.providers.google.cloud.xcom_backends.gcs.GCSXComBackend
```

</TabItem>

</Tabs>

5. Restart your Astro project, then continue at [Step 7: Run a DAG passing Pandas dataframes via XCom](#step-7-run-a-dag-passing-pandas-dataframes-via-xcom) of the tutorial.

:::info

> The pre-built XCom backends of the Astronomer provider offer the possibility to use gzip compression for all XComs uploaded. To enable gzip compression set `UPLOAD_CONTENT_AS_GZIP=True` in your .env file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The pre-built XCom backends in the Astronomer provider offer the possibility of using gzip compression for all XComs uploaded. To enable gzip compression, set `UPLOAD_CONTENT_AS_GZIP=True` in your .env file.
```

    query.delete()
```

## Use pre-built XCom backends

> If you want to store your XComs in either AWS S3 or GCP Cloud Storage, you can leverage the pre-built custom XCom backends in the [Astronomer provider](https://registry.astronomer.io/providers/astronomer-providers/versions/latest) package. In addition to saving your XComs in a remote storage, these XCom backends also contain custom serialization methods for Pandas dataframes and datetime date objects.

Author: that is a good question. I think it might make sense to use the in code names with code formatting, so `pandas.DataFrame` and `datetime.date`, I'll change it to that for now :)

To use these Astronomer's XCom backends, follow these steps:

1. Add the Astronomer provider to your `requirements.txt` file:

    ```text
    astronomer-providers
    ```

2. Prepare your AWS S3 or GCP Cloud Storage as shown in [Step 2: Set up your object storage account](#step-2-set-up-your-object-storage-account).

> 3. Create an Airflow connection as shown in [Step 3: Create a connection](#step-3-create-a-connection). By default Astronomer's pre-built XCom backend will use the connection ID `aws_default` for a AWS S3 connection and `google_cloud_default` for a connection to GCP Cloud Storage. You can override the connection id used by setting the Airflow environment variable `CONNECTION_NAME` (AWS) or `XCOM_BACKEND_CONNECTION_NAME` (GCS).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Create an Airflow connection as shown in [Step 3: Create a connection](#step-3-create-a-connection). By default, Astronomer's pre-built XCom backend uses the connection ID `aws_default` for an AWS S3 connection and `google_cloud_default` for a GCP Cloud Storage connection. You can override which connection id the backend uses by setting the Airflow environment variable `CONNECTION_NAME` for AWS or `XCOM_BACKEND_CONNECTION_NAME` for GCS.
```

> 4. Open the .env file of your Astro Project and add the following line to set your XCom backend to the pre-built XCom class:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. To set your XCom backend to the pre-built XCom class, open the .env file of your Astro Project and add the following line :
```
This might be an editorial quirk of mine, but I find sentences that present "what you're doing"  or "where you're doing something" before the "actions to do the thing" to be a bit clearer as a user.

    query.delete()
```

## Use pre-built XCom backends

If you want to store your XComs in either AWS S3 or GCP Cloud Storage, you can use the pre-built custom XCom backends in the [Astronomer provider](https://registry.astronomer.io/providers/astronomer-providers/versions/latest) package. In addition to saving your XComs in a remote storage, these XCom backends also contain custom serialization methods for `pandas.DataFrame` and `datetime.date` objects.

To use these Astronomer's XCom backends, follow these steps:

> 1. Add the Astronomer provider to your `requirements.txt` file:
> 
>     ```text
>     astronomer-providers
>     ```
> 
> 2. Prepare your AWS S3 or GCP Cloud Storage as shown in [Step 2: Set up your object storage account](#step-2-set-up-your-object-storage-account).
> 
> 3. Create an Airflow connection as shown in [Step 3: Create a connection](#step-3-create-a-connection). By default, Astronomer's pre-built XCom backend uses the connection ID `aws_default` for an AWS S3 connection and `google_cloud_default` for a GCP Cloud Storage connection. You can override which connection id the backend uses by setting the Airflow environment variable `CONNECTION_NAME` for AWS or `XCOM_BACKEND_CONNECTION_NAME` for GCS.
> 
> 4. To set your XCom backend to the pre-built XCom class, open the .env file of your Astro Project and add the following line :
> 
> <Tabs
>     defaultValue="aws"
>     groupId= "use-pre-built-xcom-backends"
>     values={[
>         {label: 'AWS S3', value: 'aws'},
>         {label: 'GCP Cloud Storage', value: 'gcp'},
>     ]}>
> <TabItem value="aws">
> 
> ```text
> AIRFLOW__CORE__XCOM_BACKEND=astronomer.providers.amazon.aws.xcom_backends.s3.S3XComBackend
> ```
> 
> </TabItem>
> 
> <TabItem value="gcp">
> 
> ```text
> AIRFLOW__CORE__XCOM_BACKEND=astronomer.providers.google.cloud.xcom_backends.gcs.GCSXComBackend
> ```
> 
> </TabItem>
> 
> </Tabs>
> 
> 5. Add a second environment variable in your .env file called `XCOM_BACKEND_BUCKET_NAME` and set it to the name of your S3 or GCS bucket.
> 
> 6. Restart your Astro project, then continue at [Step 7: Run a DAG passing Pandas dataframes via XCom](#step-7-run-a-dag-passing-pandas-dataframes-via-xcom) of the tutorial.
> 
> 
> :::info
> 
> The pre-built XCom backends in the Astronomer provider offer the possibility of using gzip compression for all XComs uploaded. To enable gzip compression, set `UPLOAD_CONTENT_AS_GZIP=True` in your .env file.
> 
> :::

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- In [Step 1](#step-1-create-an-astro-project), add the Astronomer provider to your Astro project `requirements.txt` file:

    ```text
    astronomer-providers
    ```

- In [Step 3](#step-3-create-a-connection), use the connection ID `aws_default` for an AWS S3 connection and `google_cloud_default` for a GCP Cloud Storage connection. You can override which connection ID the backend uses by setting the Airflow environment variable `CONNECTION_NAME` for AWS or `XCOM_BACKEND_CONNECTION_NAME` for GCS.

- In [Step 4](#step-4-define-a-custom-xcom-class-using-json-serialization), do not define your own custom XCom class. When you open the Astro project `.env`, add the following line to use the pre-built XCom backend instead of your own:

<Tabs
    defaultValue="aws"
    groupId= "use-pre-built-xcom-backends"
    values={[
        {label: 'AWS S3', value: 'aws'},
        {label: 'GCP Cloud Storage', value: 'gcp'},
    ]}>
<TabItem value="aws">

```text
AIRFLOW__CORE__XCOM_BACKEND=astronomer.providers.amazon.aws.xcom_backends.s3.S3XComBackend
XCOM_BACKEND_BUCKET_NAME=<your-bucket-name>
```

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="gcp">

```text
AIRFLOW__CORE__XCOM_BACKEND=astronomer.providers.google.cloud.xcom_backends.gcs.GCSXComBackend
XCOM_BACKEND_BUCKET_NAME=<your-bucket-name>
```

</TabItem>

</Tabs>

- Skip [Step 6](#step-6-create-a-custom-serialization-method-to-handle-pandas-dataframes). The pre-built XCom backend includes serialization methods out of the box.

:::tip

The Astronomer provider XCom backends support gzip compression for all XComs. To enable gzip compression, set `UPLOAD_CONTENT_AS_GZIP=True` in your Astro project  `.env` file.

:::
```

Reviewer 3: Ugh... I KNEW this suggestion would look wonky. To get the proper suggestion: 

- Edit my comment
- Copy all of the text included in the suggestion code fence, from top to bottom.
- Use that in the draft.
